**Robbie Wagner:** [00:36] Hey, everybody. Welcome to another Whiskey Web and
Whatnot with Charles W. Carpenter III and Robbie Wagner, your friends from Ship
Shape. Not sure that we've actually mentioned where we're from before, honestly,
but.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [00:53] Hopefully, it's on the branding somewhere.

**Robbie Wagner:** [00:55] Well, it is, yeah. But yeah. Today we have Wild
Turkey Kentucky Spirit, which is probably the most Kentucky I've seen on a
bottle in a while. Kentucky Spirit. Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey. Guessing
maybe they make it in Kentucky.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [01:17] Does it mention that anywhere on the bottle?

**Robbie Wagner:** [01:20] I think it's made in Oklahoma. I don't know.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [01:23] Yeah, definitely. It's Kentucky spirit. Straight
from Oklahoma.

**Robbie Wagner:** [01:27] Yeah. This is, like, seems from the description,
like, just your standard bourbon, but single barrel.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [01:37] Yes, that's one of the things is that it's a Wild
Turkey that is selected as a single barrel. I don't know how this mash bill
differs from. I would think it would be slight difference from their normal 101,
but I didn't really think about that. But it should be kind of similar. It is
101 proof to you, so that's nice. Oh, I guess I should pour. My first comments
about this bottle. One, they've changed the bottle from what it used to be.
Robbie, I know you haven't tried this before, but it used to be kind of like
this shell kind of shape. It's always been a single barrel product, but it used
to be this kind of, like, shell shape, and now they've slimmed the bottle down
for whatever reasons. Marketing looks a little fancier and modernized, but the
plastic on mine, at least, did not have any perforation, was very difficult to
remove. So I just want to first.

**Robbie Wagner:** [02:35] I had the same problem. Yeah. Had to use scissors
multiple times.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [02:39] Yeah, my scissors are called teeth, but still just
a matter of not getting back up.

**Robbie Wagner:** [02:59] Yeah. I mean, tastes like bourbon to me. It's got a
lot of woodiness. It feels more like it's got lots of corn than our usual ryes.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [03:12] Yeah. Wait till we get to the mash bill part. It's
very intuitive of you. I'm impressed.

**Robbie Wagner:** [03:17] I'm going to guess 85% corn.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [03:23] Well, before we break down the mash bill, let's get
all what you are smelling and tasting. I smell a little like lime a little or
something like that. I don't know. I don't taste that. But I do get more of,
like a caramel, the flavor and a little bit of what was I going to say here? Oh,
cinnamon. Yeah, cinnamon on the finish.

**Robbie Wagner:** [03:56] Yeah. I'm getting just mostly, like, wood and
leather. Like very woody leathery. Like, I'm I'm really not able to taste many
of the subtle notes.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [04:08] Interesting. Yeah. I have to say. It's not quite as
woody for me as the normal 101 seems to be. I always get a lot of, like, I think
there's more corn in this compared to the normal one because that other one, as
I may have expressed in a previous podcast episode, but I have toured the Wild
Turkey distillery. And the kind gentleman who led our tour, yeah, I mean,
whatever. And the kind gentleman who led our tour, his name was Bubba, and he
had kind of a catchphrase. He said, here at Wild Turkey, we like our bourbon
bold. And then that was kind of like an over and over, and we'd talk about
different aspects of the process or their mash bill or whatnot. And then
referencing back to bold, we like our bourbon bold.

**Robbie Wagner:** [05:03] Yeah, I would agree with that. On the back end, you
have a lot of alcohol. It feels like you have a lot of wood. They're not doing
anything subtly. It's all like. We're making bourbon. You're going to taste it.
But that being said, it's pretty good. I still prefer a rye, but if I were
drinking normal whiskey, I don't have any complaints, I don't think, with this
one.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [05:31] Yeah. So the Mash bill is 75% corn, 13% rye, 12%
malted barley. So if that is helpful, yeah, I went and looked it up this time,
at least as much as I can, just to have some sort of info, and let's see what I
can find out. Yeah, here we go. Let me find the normal 101, which also has the
exact same mash bill. So this is basically just a single barrel pick of the same
mash bill as their normal 101 bourbon.

**Robbie Wagner:** [06:06] Non-blended.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [06:08] Yeah, no blends. No blends across barrels. So you
get some consistency there. It does tell us what day it was bottled, what barrel
number, which Rick house. So it's warehouse A rick seven.

**Robbie Wagner:** [06:23] For my bottle, I am warehouse G rick 33. So nowhere
close.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [06:33] Right. If we were anywhere close to one another and
could do the quote-unquote Pepsi Challenge from one to the other, you
technically should be able to taste a difference.

**Robbie Wagner:** [06:43] Well, people can. I might not, but.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [06:48] Maybe without the ice, you'll get a little we're
going to plan a future where we get together with some Glencairns and just taste
things in a more natural way and hopefully with glasses that I don't break. For
listeners. Recalling a few episodes ago where we talked about our Norland
glasses, I broke one of those. So now I've been very careful about using it very
often anymore.

**Robbie Wagner:** [07:15] Did you break it on one of the podcasts, or was it
right before?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [00:07:19] It was right before. Yeah, we were like I was
bringing stuff into my office studio bedroom and had a few things in my hand,
and just like, it knocked over and broke. I'm going, to be honest, all too
easily. Perhaps I should be more careful. But also, it didn't seem like it was
pretty much very much to shatter the outside layer.

**Robbie Wagner:** [07:44] Well, it sounds to me like Norland should send us one
so that you can get the full experience when we do our lots of whiskey tasting.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [07:52] I wouldn't be opposed. Feel free to email me,
Chuck, at shipshape.io. I tweet them, but I don't do that. Tweeting, twitting. I
don't twit.

**Robbie Wagner:**[08:08] Anyway. So I would give this, I think, a seven
tentacles. It's pretty good. No complaints for me.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [08:18] Yeah, agree. Yeah. I'm going to go straight seven
with this one, too. I would buy this on a regular basis, easily suggest it. The
bottle is nice. I bring it to a party and not look like a cheapo. Yeah, I
enjoyed it. I'm not sure if I like it better than the Russell's Reserve 10-year,
to be honest, but I'm not sure if you've tried that one. We can maybe make that
a future tester, but yeah, that's another Wild Turkey product, and it's pretty
good. And I think the price point is a little bit lower than this one, so food
for thought there in the future.

**Robbie Wagner:** [08:56] Yeah. I had never had anything but the standard cheap
Wild Turkey. I didn't really know the extent of their products until today.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [09:05] Have you had the rye?

**Robbie Wagner:** [09:07] No.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [09:08] Or just the bourbon? Wow. Was it the standard? I
think the standard is 80 proof, or maybe it's 90, but it's not 101.

**Robbie Wagner:** [09:16] Yeah, I mean, it's whatever is the equivalent to all
the middle-of-the-line whiskeys.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [09:24] Got you. We will have to take you on an adventure.

**Robbie Wagner:** [09:31] Yeah. Speaking of adventures, this week has been a
lot. On a good note, we had Ember Conf, which was pretty good. Didn't get to
watch all the talks yet, but definitely enjoyed the keynote. With the decade of
Ember and all the ups and downs and all of that. Did you catch any of that?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [09:57] I did not this year, unfortunately, just because
I've been a bit disconnected from working with Ember recently. I did not jump on
and watch any of the things. I would probably watch a few afterwards. I am
curious, though, normally at the end of the keynote, there's some big reveal. I
wonder, was that a thing this year? And if so, what was it?

**Robbie Wagner:** [10:25] I don't think so. I mean, there was a lot of stuff.
So there was the normal keynote where Yehuda kind of walked through, like, this
is how we started with our releases and talked about how Firefox had a certain
release cadence that was, like, kept getting pushed back. Right. So they were
like, all right, I think it was like 2004 or seven or, I don't know, some long
time ago. And he was like, all right, here's the releases. We're going to do
code freezes for these releases. And they missed them, and then they kept
pushing it down the line and never making it. So kind of chrome. When they came
in and released Chrome, they had more of a let's just ship stuff on a defined
cadence, and if something's not ready, it doesn't have to go in this release.
Like, we're still going to do a release, but we're not going to wait on all the
things. So Ember kind of adopted that. And that's really been the emphasis
behind having a release every six weeks and stability without stagnation. And no
one has to feel forced to get work done or get a feature out or whatever. It can
just go in the next one. And that kind of also goes along with deprecations and
things. Like, if you miss the, say, 3.0 deprecations, that's okay. You can just
say my deprecation will be removed in 4.0. So yeah, they were basically talking
about how their process has been around consistency and not working developers
too much. All of us work on this in our free time. Well, minus those that are
paid, like Yehuda and Robert Jackson and the heavy hitters, they wanted to have
it be easier on the community, consistent. One of the big things they talked
about was like back in the 1.13 days, all those deprecations piling up that
people had to deal with. And then the switch to Glimmer because their rendering
was not up to par with React. And then once they got to Glimmer two, it was like
faster than React. And they were just taking you, I won't go through every
single thing, but they were basically taking you through all the steps up until
now, showing that they've been stable the whole time. They've really increased
performance, and that people that haven't tried Ember recently should try all
the new stuff out. And then they followed all of that stuff up with Godfrey had
a thing where he just pulled up like, here's all the new stuff that's been
working on. Like, we got Embroider coming out. We got some of the things we did
in Ember Inspector this year where you can see components better. You can
inspect their arguments easier, you can turn off and on the debug stuff in
templates so your production builds are smaller, and you can opt out of it
working with Inspector in production and that kind of thing. And then a lot of
things that you've seen in other frameworks. I know I'm rambling here, but like
slots, I know they have in Vue. I'm not sure what the equivalent is in React,
but where you have a template, and you want to yield to a couple of different
places in it, which I guess in React, you would just use JavaScript in each spot
to pull in stuff. Right, or is there something for that specific?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [13:57] Well, no, you can. Is it kind of like outlet, or is
it different? Okay, yeah, it just has children. So you just have where children
go here. Any child component falls at this point.

**Robbie Wagner:** [14:14] So instead of like outlet or yield, what this is, is
like, you say, yield two equals header, yield two equals footer, whatever, you
want to put different content in different spots. So they call that slots in
Vue. And I think that's an HTML thing that they're working on, or JavaScript or
whoever's in charge of the web these days. We got slots, and slots are this
thing where you can inject content into a spot. So we have that now. And we got
Glimmer everywhere, tracked properties. I don't know. I mean, there's a lot of
cool stuff. I think modifiers were heavily mentioned, and I think things with
contextual components before you would yield out. Like you would yield out a
bunch of components. Right. So you have a hash that's like the example was a
table. So you have like a row or column or different things. You may want to
have a lot of that. You yield out, and you consume and use that thing that was
yielded out. You can also yield out, like, modifiers and helpers now. So they're
just trying to make everything really kind of pass everything you want back and
forth, do whatever you want. A little more flexible. Yeah. I will pause my
rambling here if you want to weigh in on anything.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [15:50] No, I mean, that sounds cool. Yeah, I recall
contextual components, and that was like a real massive hotness back in two. So
obviously, doing a little more with the same ideology across other things to
make it more straightforward in terms of the ways that you can have an
abstracted component but then apply specifics as needed.

**Robbie Wagner:** [16:17] Yeah, there's also some cool stuff which, again, it's
hard to compare with React.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [16:24] Right.

**Robbie Wagner:** [16:24] Because React has like straight-up JavaScript in a
lot of spots, but Ember has this thing that was released like a week or two ago
called Glint, which is lenting for Glimmer, I guess is what Glint came from. But
it's more like TypeScript for templates. So you can know if this dot foo is a
number or not in your template.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [16:52] Got you. Right.

**Robbie Wagner:** [16:53] So that's coming out, and template imports are coming
out. So like, really emphasis on making templates the bomb in general.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [17:03] Interesting. Yeah. Because obviously, in the React
world, it's just JSX, which you have TSX, and then there's kind of no boundaries
there. You can apply the same rules to lent and enforce types within your
templates themselves. But of course, the problems with that getting really
overly complex and terse. And then that's where people want to have higher-order
components to split some of those up. And then, in the next world, you have
pages instead to sort of play that role as both your route and higher-order
component. But then, in the wild west, that is React. You can combine all of
those strategies potentially.

**Robbie Wagner:** [17:52] Yeah. Or you can just use Next because it has so much
cool stuff, like something I've been doing a lot in Nuxt. Not to be confused
with Next is using their image optimization library, and you can do like a query
param and say like question mark WebP. Right. And that will convert all of your
images to WebP for you so that everything that's shipped out is just WebP format
instead of like a JPEG or whatever, which I think I haven't done a ton Next
myself, but I know they do image optimization, so I'm guessing things like that
happen just magically with Next.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [18:34] Yeah, so they have like two levels of that. So they
have a similar thing just for general image optimization, but they also have
kind of on the fly optimization, like at the request level. But you only get all
of that for free out of the box if you use Vercel because Vercel turns routes or
pages into serverless functions. But I was just reading a thing yesterday,
today, one of those very recently, and it was an article about creating a
serverless function to serve that same purpose for a Next application that might
be server-side generated or rendered on the fly. And then, you can use this
serverless function to do your image optimization like one step further.

**Robbie Wagner:** [19:26] So, is that what they do behind the scenes? If you
deploy to Vercel? They just have a function that you don't see that switches the
image.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [19:35] Basically. Absolutely that. Is that their
serverless hosting is structured specifically for Next applications? So it
splits them in that way for efficiency sake and bundle sizes and all that kind
of stuff. And then also when you're doing things like taking advantage of their
static site generation, then you'll get some of those, you get access to all
those things because they know how to hook into it. As long as you follow the
Next way, then you get all that for free.

**Robbie Wagner:** [20:10] Yeah, that makes sense.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [20:11] And it's interesting that Netlify recently released
Next-specific deployments, but I don't know if they're offering similar feature
sets.

**Robbie Wagner:** [20:23] Yeah, I saw that they were pushing more on serverless
functions in general, but I didn't see that they were saying Next was like a
first-class citizen there.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [20:34] Yeah, this is very recently, within the last week
or two, I believe they released that. They're embracing that as a
framework-specific deployment strategy. But yeah, they have the whole serverless
functions as well, which makes those really approachable for a lot of people.
And I think like coming from a front-end JavaScript world might find that a lot
more approachable than the AWS path, which isn't too crazy once you get into it.
The serverless framework is pretty strong and using services like Seed. Run,
which we do for our API, that takes some of the guesswork out of it, so shout
out to them. But when you have these other services like Netlify kind of like
building on top of that and giving you a really friendly interface for that, I
think that's going to really help spread serverless computing.

**Robbie Wagner:** [21:32] Yeah, definitely. I mean, right now, I think it's
just, it's not super new, but it's slow to gain traction, I guess. So there
isn't really a defined easy way for all the things. So once it gets more mass
adoption, there will be a lot more sugar on top, I guess. Make it easier for
everybody.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [21:53] Exactly. I think. And that's the term right there,
mass adoption. Right. Like, it's had a strong framework for a while. It's been
around for a number of years and had a strong following of people that are
digging in and utilizing it in great ways. But, yeah, its mass adoption is now
really being seen across a bunch of different industries. I've read a few
different articles about serverless adoption and different use cases, and that
seems to be growing and growing.

**Robbie Wagner:** [22:25] Yeah. You know what else has mass adoption? Buying
Porsches.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [22:33] Actually. Yeah, it's interesting. And it's Porsche,
by the way. I'm not German.

**Robbie Wagner:** [22:40] But I don't own one, so Porsche.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [22:44] Yeah. America, I'm here. What are you trying to
make me change the way I say the word for yeah?

**Robbie Wagner:** [22:53] Kentucky spirit. It's Porsche.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [22:57] Right. I'm very torn culturally. I am both German,
from the Cincinnati area of northern Kentucky. So there's just all these things
tugging at me around these, but so I'll try and lean in on one or so. Yeah, the
Porsche market, secondary market, is pretty insane. So, spoiler alert. I have
one. Had a few of them over the years. Nothing overly fancy. It's called the 996
model. It's 20 years old, but it's fun. And I don't drive very much, so it
works. Yeah. And I was kind of I'm part of the Porsche Club of America. I like
to look at cars for fun. And I have friends that I discuss that topic with.
Perhaps that's in a whole other podcast. I don't know. But yeah, the secondary
market for people getting in the barrier to entry is just growing and growing.
Like sites like Bringatrailer.com, you're seeing these cars that used to sell
for 10, 15, $20,000 going for $10,000 over what they were a year ago. And then,
of course, even more, desirable cars, newer models, where specific models are
going for, like, double what they were just a couple of years ago. And I have
some friends who have been wanting to buy, like, an 80s or 90s air-cooled
Porsche. And now their barrier to entry on that has really grown because it's 20
$30,000 over what they would have paid just two years ago. I don't know if this
is the result of stonks or crypto growth or whatever else, but there's an excess
of cash being flown into the luxuries market or the collector's market, and
everything seems to be growing. So that's one facet, and I know that we sort of
highlighted this last week, is that you and I have very different ideas of what
we enjoy in automobiles, but we have the fact that we like cars together but.

**Robbie Wagner:** [25:02] Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [25:02] Then it starts to go.

**Robbie Wagner:** [25:04] I mean, I wouldn't say that we enjoy different
things, necessarily, just that we're not 100% aligned. Like, we can probably
both agree that we like a car with a nice sound, like a good exhaust of some
sort, and has some kind of power to it. But I like to be able to open my engine
up and just bolt stuff on there. Like, oh, I want to swap out this manifold.
Okay, that's fine. I want to swap my gears out or anything that's like a bolt-on
improvement. Get a little more horsepower. A little more acceleration is super
easy with things like a Mustang or, like, you know, American cars. Whereas a
Porsche, you've got to, like, pull the whole, like, seat out. Like, find the
engine somewhere. Like you can't, it's not a tinkerer's car. It's more of a,
like.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [26:05] I want to get your point of reference because.

**Robbie Wagner:** [26:08] Okay.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [26:09] Like I said, I've had a few of them. And my current
one, I actually bought this one because it was inexpensive and because I could
do some things myself so I can put an intake on it, already has a custom
exhaust. I changed out my shifter to put it in a short shift. I changed the
wheels. So I've done some improvements like that myself. On my spring cleaning
agenda is actually to pull the front bumper so that I can clean the radiators
and touch up some of the plastics and stuff that are sun-faded. So, yeah, I
wanted to get into that. I know this has some electronics, but nothing too
crazy. I've had in the past like 60s and 70s Porsche. And then my last one that
was newer was like a 2008 911 4S, but pre-kids. Of course, that one I probably
was more hesitant to do very much with. So I'm wondering, A, when you're talking
about going behind seats or whatever else, so are you referencing the Boxster?
Because that's a mid-engine car. That does require you to either you could
access some things behind the seats. Otherwise, you have to lift the car because
there's no engine access other than underneath, for the most part.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [27:26] I guess I have two questions.

**Robbie Wagner:** [27:28] Yeah. So I guess I have two answers. One is, yeah,
that was kind of my point of reference, was like Rob was talking about to even
change the oil in his boxter. You have to take all the seats out. And I don't
know a bunch of stuff, but I was kind of like. Obviously, they're all different.
There's different models, but the engines are in the back on all of them. Right.
So isn't there less space to work in there either way? Or is it still pretty
accessible?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [28:07] No, that's a great question. So 911s, everything's
in the back, seven eighteen s or any like, Cayman Boxster would have engines in
the middle. It's a mid-engine car. And then Panameras or older ones, like 928,
944s, those are front-engine cars. So there are some models that do the front
engine, although there are some purists that don't love that it belongs in the
back. I don't know. I'm not didactic around those specifics. Which is, as a side
note, why I really want a Taycon. Even though it doesn't have the growl of an
internal combustion engine, there's something about the Porsche experience that
even when I doubt them, like when I test-drove a Macan, I was like, SUV,
Porsche? No way. This is dumb. It was amazing. It was great. So I kind of trust
them, like how they're going to go into these other things. But yes, so it is
true that a rear engine, and theirs specifically, does have a bit less room. You
can get to a lot just with some easy jacks or just like a ramp popping just the
top. Like you can do a decent amount of things. Like you don't need a lift
necessarily to change the oil on a 911, and it's great, great granddaddy is a
Volkswagen Bug. And that's basically how I learned how to work on cars, was in a
Volkswagen Bug because if you break something, it costs $15 to replace. So it's
not a big deal. But yeah, you can do all of that without lifting, without
dropping the engine, without like the Boxster is kind of a unique experience in
all those things, and it takes away some of it. I actually had a 914, which is
also a mid-engine Porsche from the 70s, and you could access some things over
top. It at least had a top hatch that gave you a little bit of room because it
wasn't a convertible. It was a target top. So you had some under and some over,
but still was a pretty tight space. I don't know. I mean, I guess it just
depends. There you go. It depends on the car you pick. Depends on the year,
depends on how much you're willing to tinker with. I'm definitely not going to
drop and rebuild an engine, no matter whether it's a Mustang or Porsche or
whatever.

**Robbie Wagner:** [30:26] Yeah, fair enough. What year did you say your Porsche
was?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [30:32] My current one is a 2000.

**Robbie Wagner:** [30:35] Okay. I was going to say 2000 is probably new enough,
but do you do much with tuning and actually fiddling with the computers or?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [30:49] Not yet, but I've done some research. I actually
looked into building a Raspberry Pi that you could plug into the OBD two setup
and get data, or there are certain ones where you can kind of hack your way in
and do some tuning. I'm a little mixed about that. I'm not sure it's interesting
to me, but I think there's a time commitment I'm not prepared for with kids this
young. But you can do that.

**Robbie Wagner:** [31:19] You can totally mess everything up.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [31:21] Yeah, exactly.

**Robbie Wagner:** [31:22] I had a tuner for my Mustang that Bluetooth to my
phone, which sounds cool and easy, right? Until, like, mid-flashing a different
tune or whatever, it stops and doesn't connect to the Bluetooth, and your car
just doesn't work right.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [31:41] You had to show it to the dealer and have them
reflash it and charge you a bunch of money?

**Robbie Wagner:** [31:45] Well, no, I just spent many hours fixing it, but it
was pretty annoying. So if anyone is looking to tune their car, do not go with
Bluetooth, do not recommend. But anyway, it was kind of cool because the idea
with it being Bluetooth was you could have your three or four, however many
tunes you want, and you could say like, all right, I'm going on a long drive. I
want fuel economy so I can swap it, and then I want performance, so I'll put
that on. That part was cool because as you're setting your phone up with your
music for your drive or whatever, you can also just swap the tune out real fast.
But it's better in theory than it is in actual execution.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [32:29] Yeah, it's sort of how a lot of people will tell
you, like WiFi networks in general, they come with a lot of cons because if you
just plug into an Ethernet, you don't have interruptions, disconnects, security
concerns. You have a closed network at that point versus a potential open
network.

**Robbie Wagner:** [32:49] Yeah. Was there a commercial or just something in
like social media recently where people were like, do you guys know you could
plug into the internet and a big thing now you know what's really fast and does
well? Plugging in. Oh, yeah, that's crazy.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [33:07] Yeah, I mean, WiFi Six is pretty awesome, and yada,
yada, yada. But if you just, it's probably cheaper too to run cat six all over
your house.

**Robbie Wagner:** [33:18] Oh, it definitely is. But yeah, WiFi Six is, like, I
just switched to the same router but WiFi Six, and it was like a third faster,
so definitely worth it.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [33:31] Yeah, I got a massive speed bump out of that as
well. Highly encouraged by you.

**Robbie Wagner:** [33:37] Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [33:37] WiFi six was legit bumped. I'm lucky enough to have
fiber in my neighborhood and bumped that up for the same price. Which is so
strange how providers do that. They just secretly provide packages to try to
lure new people. So unless you're looking on a regular basis, you don't know.

**Robbie Wagner:** [33:56] Well, they're also not going to give you better
things without you asking for it. Right, they're not going to be like, oh,
you're paying X, and it now gets like this speed. Why would we give that to you
when you would have to look it up first?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [34:12] Yeah, they're not really incentivized otherwise
because you would have to switch to another provider completely may not have the
same service options. Yeah, there's if you're lucky enough to even have a second
service provider for these things. I have two in my neighborhood, and you have
your plain old cable and then happen to have fiber as an alternative. And, of
course, I'm going to pick that. It's just apples and oranges. But yeah, I guess
they'll collect my money, and I'm sure they did. For quite some time, at
whatever previous speed I was at before, I looked and got the free upgrade.

**Robbie Wagner:** [34:52] Yeah, that's one downside. We've been looking at
houses in the country, and they're like, yeah, we have internet, but we also
have put an application in for is it Skylink? That's like the thing that Elon's
been working on or whatever?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [35:08] Yes, that's it. That's exactly what I was going to
bring up.

**Robbie Wagner:** [35:10] Yeah. So it's like, yeah, our internet is probably
not good because we already have an application in for this.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [35:17] There's an alternative too. And potentially, if you
do end up moving to a rural community, you might be able to get involved with
that community and advocate for some technology bumps. So my example is that my
wife's aunt and uncle live in Montana, and they were in Bozeman, and they moved
out to a more rural community like an hour and a half away. And somehow, through
their community, they were able to get federal grants to bring in high-speed
fiber all over the place. So they have like 20 acres living right by the
mountains, looks like. I mean, I think they have like hardware store and a
convenience store, and like two restaurants in town. There's not a lot going on
there, but they have high-speed fiber. That was very impressive. And she said
that they got it from a federal grant that put it in all over the neighborhood
to have them connected to services and society and whatnot. So it goes to show
you that. There is potential to upgrade that circumstance.

**Robbie Wagner:** [36:18] Well, I guess it depends also how much land you have.
Some of the places, I mean, they're out of our budget, but they have like 90
acres or like a lot. And once you get past, I think ten is pretty manageable to
run lines, but like 90 is pretty high.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [36:41] Go ahead, you finish yours. I don't want to cut you
off.

**Robbie Wagner:** [36:47] If everyone has like 90 acres, right, then you have a
big problem with logistics.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [36:54] Yeah, but if you can get termination points down
the road right here's the main road, and there are fiber termination points
right to there, and then it's sort of like it's on you to figure it out from
there. You can run your own line all the way down, or you can decide to have an
access point there that's point to point, and yeah, while that's over the air
and there's probably some loss, you have a lot of control as to what physical
impediments are there and all kinds of things. So even just offering that, and
maybe that's what they did, I didn't get into the specifics. I can't imagine
they ran fiber to everyone's home who could be like 2 miles down off of a normal
road or a dirt road even. I doubt they had the resources to bring it all the way
to actual termination. But providing that in general and then being able to
bring it to an accessible point to all these people. And if you have 90 acres,
you probably have the ability to take it the last mile, too, though.

**Robbie Wagner:** [37:59] Yeah, that's true. I mean, I guess I didn't think
about just run it on all the main roads, and then everyone figures it out from
there.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [38:07] Well, let me take you down a little story. I know
this is your favorite part, whatever happened in my past life. So after I
concluded my career as a blackjack dealer, at least the first round, I did this
twice, but I decided like, okay, I'm going to go down a different career path.
And I was involved in technology a bunch at that point. I was actually building
with some friends of mine. We were just building custom Windows computers for
people. Like, first I got involved with them and was building my own custom
computers and thought that was really cool. I never actually got, like, what is
it, a plus plus certification or something that you're supposed to do. Didn't
actually do that, but worked with him, who was and was doing a bunch of hardware
work and got involved with a startup here. That was an ISP, and it was an ISP
for two use cases. One would be like in the middle of the city where they're not
running new internet lines. Lots of places had to still deal with dial-up. And
so they would take T1 connections and run point to point over the air internet
to startups and then also rural things, similar thing, find a T1 connection that
was at a high enough point, put a huge antenna there, and then that signal down
provided this wireless internet. It was like very early days, pre-satellite
internet kind of setup. Problematic for lots of reasons because weather can
cause issues here and whatever else. Yeah. The context here is that's how I have
any knowledge whatsoever about creating point-to-point Internet access points or
Internet-like access grids is that you can have this line with a really fast
connection to it and put a huge antenna out that sends your signal, and then
you'll have these directional antennas that are directly pointed at that, which
kind of make that connection and give you, actually, a pretty decent, kind of
fast connection. But it can be problematic. And I don't know what the technology
is now because I think that would have been like 2004 maybe, something like
that, I don't know. It's coming up on early days. It was the first company
website I ever worked on that was like legit for one company as their internet
person making sites.

**Robbie Wagner:** [40:41] 2004, like DSL days.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [40:46] Right. Yeah. So DSL was coming along, but not
everybody had access to it. And in the inner city, there was a whole bunch of
problems there, and then in rural areas. So maybe it was 2003. Trying to think
2003 2004. 2004 Sounds about right about the first time where I decided, no, I'm
going to leave the casino for a while and get into more of this technology
stuff. I've been doing some websites, like just more one-offs and I call them
brochure sites, that kind of thing, like turning Photoshop designs into tables,
into HTML.

**Robbie Wagner:** [41:22] Did you use frames or no frames?

**Chuck Carpenter:** [41:27] Yeah, that's a good question. I think no frames. I
don't think anything. Yeah, I don't know. I can remember dealing with frames,
but I don't know if it was like editing an existing one with side projects or
the company site had that. But I mean, it's all a nightmare. So yeah,
point-to-point internet access is a thing and a possibility. I'm sure modern
technology would make it better, but even more so, if somebody brought fiber
lines down my street and I had a big farm, I'd probably pay the money to run
that to my house.

**Robbie Wagner:** [42:02] Oh, 100%. We're talking to you Underline. Bring us
some fiber in Middleburg, Virginia. Thanks.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [42:09] That's true. Yeah. You have some connections.

**Robbie Wagner:** [42:11] What? Yeah, I don't think I have connections to
actually get fiber run anywhere, but yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [42:20] Here's what I envision for you. You have a desire
to move to Middleburg. Eventually, you become the mayor of Middleburg.

**Robbie Wagner:** [42:29] Could be. I mean, I went to get our business license
in Middleburg the other day, and everyone was super cool. I thought it was going
to have a lot of bureaucracy and take a little bit of time because I got there,
and they were like, oh, you're missing this form, and this guy needs to talk to
you, or whatever. And it's like, okay, I guess I'll have to figure that out. And
they're like, oh, no, we'll just call him, and he'll walk down the hall, and
we'll figure it all out. They were all super nice. And then I'm not sure if the
guy that came in is the mayor or not, but someone that's like on council,
because there's a council room in the back that you can tell, is a council room
came in and had a huge Great Dane who was just saying hi to everybody, which was
kind of cool. And then he goes in the back, and they close the doors in the
council room. So they were like, either he's the mayor or someone on council, or
they were doing something but seemed like a pretty cool place to be. I would not
be opposed to something like that, but I don't know.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [43:41] Put a pin in it. You got some time to work on your
political career first becoming a resident of said. I call it a very interesting
bubble. Virginia bubble.

**Robbie Wagner:** [43:55] Yeah, it's also.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [43:55] I enjoy Middleburg.

**Robbie Wagner:** [43:57] It's tough because some places with a Middleburg
address are like 30 minutes from Middleburg, but then places in the plains or
somewhere nearby are like five minutes away. So do you prioritize getting that
vanity zip code or just somewhere nearby? I don't know. We haven't decided on
that yet.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [44:22] I have opinions, as I do with many things or
everything, some might say. Yeah, I would think that everything for me is like
quality of life for proximity. So do you want that zip code? I mean, I guess you
have to be paying taxes into the system to become mayor. I don't know. I don't
know the logistics there, but as your starter pack, you can just be close and
get to know people and then eventually opt into the zip code.

**Robbie Wagner:** [44:50] Yeah, that's true.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [44:53] I'll be your campaign manager.

**Robbie Wagner:** [44:57] Okay. Yeah. I don't know. We'll take the business
there first and take it one step at a time but seems like real estate is crazy
right now, so not going to be anytime soon.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [45:12] Yeah, it's almost in the realm of the luxury goods
market. We've gotten some kind of soft offers here. I don't know, people mailed
letters saying they want to be in the neighborhood, and if us or anyone around
us that we know wants to sell, you get like the Redfin estimates and offers and
whatnot a bunch. So, yeah, it's a very strange place, but the problem that we
have is we like our neighborhood, so even if we sold our home at some potential
profit, we'd be buying into this market as well. And then you're spending more
to get something very similar. So it doesn't really make sense.

**Robbie Wagner:** [45:55] Yeah, I think the key is just find a place you like
at a price that's okay, and it's all you can really ask for because right now
it's really hot, but it could crash tomorrow. We don't know what's going to
happen. We're just being patient, and we assume it will probably come down at
some point because an increase of like 10% to 15% every year is not sustainable.
Like houses will be like, oh, you got 50 million for this tiny house? No. So,
yeah, it's got to level out, and or I guess inflation will just run rampant, and
everyone will make like four times what they do now.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [46:44] Yeah, well, so, I mean, you've covered two very
broad topics that I don't think we'll ever seriously touch in this podcast,
which is real estate and economics.

**Robbie Wagner:** [46:59] We're going to steer away from those. We're already
boring and nerdy enough with our car talk and web talk.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [47:11] Unless you want it to be something that I'm either
not knowledgeable or very good at.

**Robbie Wagner:** [47:18] Okay, yeah, we kind of went off the rails here from
our initial talking about cars, so I don't know, we could just wrap it up, I
guess. So thanks, everybody. Really appreciate you guys listening. We kind of
had a bunch of random stuff this time, so we're definitely interested in some
suggestions on what you'd like to hear about, or if there's whiskeys you would
like us to try, let us know. Definitely, please subscribe if you've been
enjoying this. Subscriptions really help us out, and catch you guys next time.
